chore(scheduler-docs): add the Date Navigation Guide (#1777)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-scheduler/docs/guides/date-navigation.md

# React Scheduler - Date Navigation

> The React Scheduler component provides the `ViewState` and `DateNavigator` plugins to change the current date at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The React Scheduler component's `ViewState` and `DateNavigator` plugins enable you to change the current date at runtime.
```

## Related Plugins

The following plugins implement date navigation feature:

- [ViewState](../reference/view-state.md) - manages a current date state
- [Toolbar](../reference/toolbar.md) - renders the Scheduler Toolbar
- [DateNavigator](../reference/date-navigator.md) - renders a date navigator control

## Basic Setup

Import the plugins listed above to enable a user to change the current date at runtime.

### Uncontrolled Mode

> In uncontrolled mode, specify the initial current date in the `ViewState` plugin's `defaultCurrentDate` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In uncontrolled mode, specify the initial date in the `ViewState` plugin's `defaultCurrentDate` property.
```

Reviewer: How can it be 'initial' and 'current'?
